I get some lost sometimes
you likely seen her face and fashion
magazines everywhere supermodel the
Super's singer you may have seen this
beautiful face Sabrina Barnett and a
Victoria's Secret catalog or maybe
Sports Illustrated overall magazine
welcome to Latin Angels in Paradise my
name is Sabrina I'll be your host for
the first 13 episode season
once you hear her sing you'll never
forget it it already the South Florida
talent has some pretty impressive names
behind her
I see Sabrina as a superstar I think she
does everything that it takes to to make
it in the music business
what
you
I feel so blessed to love what I do
a part of sharing my passion is donating
my time to different charities here in
the Costa Rican rainforest we raised
awareness with CDs and posters calendars
that the lungs of our earth are dying
every day now I'm working with two
different organizations which are very
dear to my heart stand up for kids
a national organization helping to
combat the issue of homeless children of
which there are more than 2,700 and
Miami alone and care a leading
humanitarian organization working in
over 70 countries with a strong
commitment to women empowerment women do
two thirds of the world's work receive
10% of the world's income and on 1% of
the means of production women produce
half the world's food but on only 1% of
its farmland women and girls make up 75%
of the poorest people in the world today
two million females are killed before at
Birth simply because of their sex each
year women occupy only 2% of senior
management positions in business
worldwide only 1% of the world's assets
are in the name of a woman there is no
country in the world where women's wages
are equal to those of men more than half
the women in the world over the age of
15 cannot read or write
each year more than 500,000 women at
least one every minute died from
pregnancy related causes most of which
are preventable